see timati fire eval
yea Alabama I did this for two hours
yesterday this is heatin up or cut
across out donut Oh cut the grass on my
fantasy fiery buddy bang yeah I buddy
bell mr. 3743 da bum ba da bum ba da bum
ba a human
Oh
oh I sigh eyes on the second are not
shining her hair and everything it out
there trying their the phone another
everything yeah I know I know
so it's at the things that he's done see
what I see every time she asked me to do
they look okay I said we'll see your
face there's not a thing that i would
change amazing just the way you are the
way you see my custom stars fall out so
amazing yo man you are yeah since at
least the motivation to be haha hello
just like this whole city beautiful it's
not really great oh you know you're a
student yes typewriters are searching
for the citizen so I little brother has
included look okay
see your face tomorrow kingdom I would
change your amazing just for you
Oh
you
no one stops I stares for awhile mr.
you're amazing yeah where you go no way
we're little bit but I think imma change
no meeting tell me where my mouth that
was so bad to be honest I'm not actually